# 1.2.2 Choosing the Target Experience


The next design choice is to determine exactly what type of knowledge will be learned and how this will be used by the performance program.This learning task is representative of a large class of tasks for which the legal moves that define some large search space are known a priori, but for which the best search strategy is not known.

Given this setting where we must learn to choose among the legal moves, the most obvious choice for the type of information to be learned is a program, or function, that chooses the best move for any given board state. Let us call this function $ChooseMove$ and use the notation $ChooseMove : B -> M$ to indicate that this function accepts as input any board from the set of legal board states $B$ and produces as output some move from the set of legal moves $M$. We will find it useful to reduce the pproble of improving performance to the problem of learning a target function. 

An alternative target function- and one that will turn out to be easier to learn in this setting-is an evaluation function that assigns a numerical score to any given board state. Let us call this function $V$ and notation as $V : B -> R$ to denote $V$ maps any legal board state from the set $B$ to some real value $R$. Assugb gugger vakye ti vetter viard states. Best move can be chosen by generating the successor board stae produced by every legal move, then using $V$ to choose the best successor.

Let us therefore define the target value $V(b)$ for an arbitrary board state $b$ in $B$, as follows:
1. if $b$ is a final board state that is won, then $V(b) = 100$
2. if $b$ is a final board state that is lost, then $V(b) = -100$
3. if $b$ is a final board state that is drawn, then $V(b) = 0$
4. if $b$ is not a final state in the game, then $V(b) = V(bl)$, where $b'$ is the best final board state that can be achieved starting from b and playing optimally until the end of the game (assuming the opponent plays optimally, as well).

The above definition is not efficiently computable; so wr say that it is a *nonoperational* definition. An operational descroption of $V$ need to be found.

Thus, we have reduced the learning task in this case to the problem of discovering an *operational description of the ideal target function* $V$. The process of learning the target function is often called *function approximation*. Optimized $V$ is now called $\hat{V}$.



---
# References


---
Date: 27-09-2022
Time: 03:23
Status: #note
Tags: #machinelearning