# 1.2.1 Choosing the Training Experience

The first design choice wer face is to choose the type of training experience from which our system will learn. The tupe of training experience available can have signinficant impact on succes or failire of the learner. One key attribute is whether the training experience provides direct or indirect feedback regarding the choices made by the performance system. For example, in learning to play checkers, the system might learn from direct training examples consisting of individual checkers
board states and the correct move for each. Alternatively, it might have available only indirect information, consisting of the move sequences and final outcomes of various games played. In this later case, information about the correctness
of specific moves early in the game must be inferred indirectly from the fact that the game was eventually won or lost. Here, the learner faces an additional problem of credit assignment, or determining the degree to which each move in the sequence deserves credit or blame for the final outcome. Credit assignment can be difficult beacause the game can still be lost even if early moves were optimal. Hence, direct training feedback is easier than indirect.

A second important attribute of the training experience is the degree to which the learner controls the sequence of training examples.

A second important attribute of the training experience is the degree to which the learner controls the sequence of training examples. In general, learning is most reliable when the training examples follow a distribution similar to that of future test examples. The most current theory of machine learning rests on the assumption that the distribution of training samples is identical to test samples. This assumption is needed to get theoreticall results. But this assumption is often violated.

To proceed with our design, let us deicide that the sustem will train by playing games with itself. Advantages : No external trainer needed ⇾ can generate as much training data as needed.

A checkers learning problem:
- Task $T$: playing checkers
- Performance measure $P$: percent of games won against opponents
- Training experience $E$: playing practice games against itself

In order to complete the design of the learning system, we must now choose
1. the exact type of knowledge to be,learned
2. a representation for this target knowledge
3. a learning mechanism


---
# References 


---
Date: 26-09-2022
Time: 22:13
Status: #note
Tags: #machinelearning