# 4. Aritficial Neural Network

## 4.1 Introduction
## 4.2 Neural Network Representations
## 4.3 Appropriate Problems for Neural Network Learning
The Backpropagation algorithm is the most commonly used ANN learning technique. It is appropriate for problems with the following characteristics:
- *Instances are represented by many attribute-value pairs.* The target function to be learned is defined over instances that can be described by a vector of predefined features, such as the pixel values in the ALVINN example. These input attributes may be highly correlated or independent of one another. Input values can be any real values. 
- *The target function output may be discrete-valued, real-valued, or a vector of several real- or discrete-valued attributes.* For example, in the ALVINN system the output is a vector of 30 attributes, each corresponding to a recommendation regarding the steering direction. The value of each output is some real number between 0 and 1, which in this case corresponds to the confidence in predicting the corresponding steering direction. We can also train a single network to output both the steering command and suggested acceleration, simply by concatenating the vectors that encode these two output predictions. 
- *The training examples may contain errors.* ANN learning methods are quite robust to noise in the training data. 
- *Long training times are acceptable.* Network training algorithms typically require longer training times than, say, decision tree learning algorithms. Training times can range from a few seconds to many hours, depending on factors such as the number of weights in the network, the number of training examples considered, and the settings of various learning algorithm parameters. 
- *Fast evaluation of the learned target function may be required.* Although ANN learning times are relatively long, evaluating the learned network, in order to apply it to a subsequent instance, is typically very fast. For example, ALVINN applies its neural network several times per second to continually update its steering command as the vehicle drives forward. 
- *The ability of humans to understand the learned target function is not important.* The weights learned by neural networks are often difficult for humans to interpret. Learned neural networks are less easily communicated to humans than learned rules.
## [[4.4 Perceptrons]]



---
# References


---
Date: 27-09-2022
Time: 06:34
Status: #note
Tags: #machinelearning